readme.MD, before:

# Anukool

An AI powered project to help job seekers by crafting cover letters. Host it on your local machine and use it to generate cover letters for your job applications.

![image](https://github.com/dakshesh14/anukool/assets/65905942/08ca8ec6-3b88-4ad8-927a-d70efd8d3b43)

## Setup

1. Clone the repo

```bash
git clone https://github.com/dakshesh14/anukool.git
cd anukool
```

2. Create a virtual environment

```bash
python3 -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate
```

3. Install the dependencies

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

4. Add the environment variables and populate them

```bash
cp .env.example .env
```

By default, the app will use openai's model. If you wish to change that to llama-2, change the `MODEL_NAME` variable in `.env` file to `llama-2-7b.ggmlv3.q8_0.bin`.

> Note: if you change the model to something other than openai's, you will have to download the model and place it in `models` folder. To download the model, run the following command(taking 7b model as an example):

```bash
cd models
wget https://huggingface.co/TheBloke/Llama-2-7B-GGML/resolve/main/llama-2-7b.ggmlv3.q8_0.bin?download=true

```

or in powershell 👇

```bash
Invoke-WebRequest -Uri "https://huggingface.co/TheBloke/Llama-2-7B-GGML/resolve/main/llama-2-7b.ggmlv3.q8_0.bin?download=true" -OutFile "models\llama-2-7b.ggmlv3.q8_0.bin" # in powershell
```

Additionally, you will have to populate the `HUGGINGFACEHUB_API_TOKEN` variable in `.env` file. To get the token, go to [huggingface](https://huggingface.co/settings/token) and copy the token.

5. Add your pdf in `docs` folder.

6. Run the script

```bash
uvicorn main:app --reload
```

7. Open the browser and go to `http://localhost:8000/` to view the app.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! In fact to promote the open source culture, I launched this project in under GPL-3.0 License. Feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request.

## Acknowledgements

- FastAPI
- LangChain
- OpenAI
- and others for their unwavering support.

## Future Scope

- [ ] Reduce hallucination
- [x] Add option for llama-2 model
- [ ] Add option for users to get a resume generated for the same job
- [ ] Add option to get output for more commonly asked questions

## Conclusion

While this project is far from perfect, I wish that it will bring value to the community and the job seekers. I hope that it will help you in your job search. If you like this project, please consider giving it a star. If you want to connect with me, you can find me on the following platforms:

- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/dakshesh-jain/)
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/_dakshesh)
- [GitHub](https://github.com/dakshesh14)
- [Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/user/_dakshesh/)

Commit message:

feat: download cover letter in pdf format

readme.MD, after:

# Anukool

An AI powered project to help job seekers by crafting cover letters. Host it on your local machine and use it to generate cover letters for your job applications.

![image](https://github.com/dakshesh14/anukool/assets/65905942/08ca8ec6-3b88-4ad8-927a-d70efd8d3b43)

## Setup

1. Clone the repo

```bash
git clone https://github.com/dakshesh14/anukool.git
cd anukool
```

2. Create a virtual environment

```bash
python3 -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate
```

3. Install the dependencies

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

4. Add the environment variables and populate them

```bash
cp .env.example .env
```

By default, the app will use openai's model. If you wish to change that to llama-2, change the `MODEL_NAME` variable in `.env` file to `llama-2-7b.ggmlv3.q8_0.bin`.

> Note: if you change the model to something other than openai's, you will have to download the model and place it in `models` folder. To download the model, run the following command(taking 7b model as an example):

```bash
cd models
wget https://huggingface.co/TheBloke/Llama-2-7B-GGML/resolve/main/llama-2-7b.ggmlv3.q8_0.bin?download=true

```

or in powershell 👇

```bash
Invoke-WebRequest -Uri "https://huggingface.co/TheBloke/Llama-2-7B-GGML/resolve/main/llama-2-7b.ggmlv3.q8_0.bin?download=true" -OutFile "models\llama-2-7b.ggmlv3.q8_0.bin" # in powershell
```

Additionally, you will have to populate the `HUGGINGFACEHUB_API_TOKEN` variable in `.env` file. To get the token, go to [huggingface](https://huggingface.co/settings/token) and copy the token.

5. Add your pdf in `docs` folder.

6. Run the script

```bash
uvicorn main:app --reload
```

7. Open the browser and go to `http://localhost:8000/` to view the app.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! In fact to promote the open source culture, I launched this project in under GPL-3.0 License. Feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request.

## Acknowledgements

- FastAPI
- LangChain
- OpenAI
- and others for their unwavering support.

## Future Scope

- [ ] Reduce hallucination
- [x] Add option for llama-2 model
- [x] Add option for users to download cover letter in pdf format

## Conclusion

While this project is far from perfect, I wish that it will bring value to the community and the job seekers. I hope that it will help you in your job search. If you like this project, please consider giving it a star. If you want to connect with me, you can find me on the following platforms:

- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/dakshesh-jain/)
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/_dakshesh)
- [GitHub](https://github.com/dakshesh14)
- [Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/user/_dakshesh/)
